with the retraction of the real estate market
this year the focus of material stores
construction will be the small
consumers who will be able to count on
greater facility in credit lines
the expectation of 4 and a half percent more
the branch of construction material closed
2012 with less than 2% growth
according to the Brazilian association of
industry
stores sold less than
products in stock which represents
retail trade is
reflecting the slowdown in the
real estate market according to this economist is
there was a reduction in supply
of construction companies
especially since they were not
extremely leveraged they were able to
sell a lot
projects but were not able to
deliver your business
then they had to retract
offering new new buildings
flats new developments in
2013 focus of material stores
construction should no longer be the
real estate but the final consumer
according to economists
for the time being there should be no
price of building materials but
on the other hand they should increase supply
and the credit facility for
financing we will have a record
of the supply of credit for the
construction
This is going to be very good for all of us.
both for the construction of new real estate
as for those families that
want to make their reforms in their
houses
and that is what bets the nivaldo and luciana
the couple already does difficult price research
and tiles intends to seek financing
to renovate the kitchen
We are really looking forward to doing this.
reform and this facility will
be easier pannu is a
a fee that I have as
satisfied is because if it was not for the
financing would not be enough to
how is it not only totally
partially the value would be beyond my
and it is not good for us to invade